Your task is to create a workshop to teach rust programmers how to use
rust-libp2p to construct the universal connectivity application from scratch.
The workshop is structured in a way that the workshop tool (found in the
workshop subfolder) can present it to the user. The correct structure and
format is outlined in the file named `WORKSHOP_AUTHORING.md`. Read that file
and initialize a workshop in the subfolder named `uc-workshop` for a workshop
in English and Rust.

The rust version of the universal connectivity application is in the subfolder
named universal-connectivity/rust-peer. Analyze that code and break it down
into a series of lessons that build upon each other. Make sure there are
lessons in the workshop that cover the basic concepts of libp2p, such as
multiaddrs, behaviours, and protocols. Then include lessons that cover libp2p
networking concepts like peer discovery, connection management, and message
passing. Finally, include lessons that cover the specific implementation
details of the universal connectivity application.

Make sure that each lesson focuses on one concrete aspect of the application
and that the lessons build upon each other. Each lesson should include a clear
objective, a brief explanation of the concept, and practical exercises to
reinforce learning. The workshop should be designed to be interactive and
engaging, allowing participants to apply what they learn in real-time. Also
include "hint blocks" that provide additional context or tips for participants
to get through the trickier parts of the workshop.

Construct a plan for building the workshop. Propose a list of lessons for the
workshop and what each lesson will include and what it is designed to teach.
Include in the workshop at least three lessons that are "checkoint" lessons
where their solution results in a connection to a server that is run by the
instructor so that the instructor can have a live display on a projector that
shows which people have completed up to each checkpoint. These workshops are
intended to be run in a classroom setting with an instructor guiding the
participants.Prizes will be handed out to the first couple of participants to
complete each checkpoint.

The last checkpoint will include connecting to the universal connectivity
server and joining the chat room there with their newly constructed universal
connectivity compatible application.

After constructing the plan to meet the requirements, start completing each
step of the plan by first presenting a detailed list of actions to take to
complete the step and asking for any feedback or corrections to the steps
before proceeding. Once feedback is received, proceed with the step.

